This repo contains a set of [Valet](https://github.com/solo-io/valet) workflows (and associated resources) to setup and step through 
a growing set of demos, feature highlights, and deployment architectures. 

Currently this is based on the valet branch `https://github.com/solo-io/valet/tree/updates-for-ref-arch`. 

## How to Use This Repo

Most of these directories contains a README that can be used for manually executing the workflow. The READMEs are automatically generated by valet and shouldn't be edited directly, to maintain self-documenting workflows. 

Using Valet, each of these can be automatically executed or stepped through. By convention, there are three options:

* `valet ensure -f workflow.yaml`: This runs the entire workflow, as an automated test. This leaves the cluster in the state at the end of the workflow, so `valet teardown -f workflow.yaml` can be used to clean up. 
* `valet ensure -f 1-...yaml`: By convention, each workflow is broken down into a few sub-workflows, which can be individually run execute specific parts of the overall workflow. 
* `valet ensure -f workflow.yaml -s`: The `-s|--step` flag tells Valet to step through the workflow and pause at each step, for the most granular execution. 

## Table of Contents

### Standard Demos

* [Petclinic - Migrating to Microservices](demos/extend-monolith)

### Platform Operations

* Delegation
  * [Simple](platform/delegation/simple)
* [Multiple Gateways](platform/multiple-gateways)
* Multiple Proxies
  * [Internal-External](platform/multiple-proxies/internal-external)
* [Namespaced Gloo](platform/namespaced)
* [Progressive Delivery / Canary Rollout](platform/prog-delivery)

### Security Examples

* [Access Logging](security/access-log)
* [Data Loss Prevention](security/dlp)

#### Rate Limiting

* [Basic](security/rate-limit/basic)
* [Multiple Rules and Priority](security/rate-limit/rule-priority)
* [From JWT Claims](security/rate-limit/from-jwt-claims)

#### Auth

* [Basic](security/auth/basic)
* OAuth
  * [Google](security/auth/oauth/google)
* [OPA](security/auth/opa)
  
#### (m)TLS

* Server TLS
  * [Basic](security/tls/server-tls/basic)
  * [SNI](security/tls/server-tls/sni)
* [Upstream TLS](security/tls/upstream-tls)

#### WAF    
  
* [Basic](security/waf/basic)

### Traffic Management

* [GRPC](traffic-management/grpc)
